[IMP] Market Connectors: eBay marketplace edits. (#9939)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/ebay_connector/manage.rst

> When the :guilabel:`Use Stock Quantity` field is checked, the quantity set on eBay will be the Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the :guilabel:`Use Stock Quantity` field is checked, the quantity set on eBay is the Odoo
```

*Forecast Quantity* (Odoo *Inventory* app).

> The policies need to be set in order to be able to list in ebay. We need to select a value for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policies need to be set, in order to be able to list on eBay. A value must be selected for the
```

> The policies need to be set in order to be able to list on ebay. A value must be select a value for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policies need to be set in order to be able to list on eBay. A value must be selected for the
```

> fields :guilabel:`Payment Policy`, :guilabel:`Return Policy` and :guilabel:`Shipping Policy`. The options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields: :guilabel:`Payment Policy`, :guilabel:`Return Policy`, and :guilabel:`Shipping Policy`. The options
```

> fields :guilabel:`Payment Policy`, :guilabel:`Return Policy`, and :guilabel:`Shipping Policy`. The options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following fields: :guilabel:`Payment Policy`, :guilabel:`Return Policy`, and :guilabel:`Shipping Policy`. The options
```

> that we'll be able to select are imported from the ebay database. If no option appears we can import them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are imported from the eBay database. If no option appears, they can be imported
```

> by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales app ‣ Configuration ‣ Settings ‣ eBay` and click on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Settings --> eBay section`, and click on the
```

> :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Settings --> eBay` and click on the :guilabel:`Policies`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration --> Settings --> eBay`, and clicking on the :guilabel:`Policies`
```

> button in in the :guilabel:`Synchronization` field. This button **only** appears once the production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
button in the :guilabel:`Synchronization` field. This button **only** appears once the production
```

> :guilabel:`Policies` button in in the :guilabel:`Synchronization` section. This button will appear
> once the production and sandbox credentials have been set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Policies` button in the :guilabel:`Synchronization` field. This button **only** appears
once the production and sandbox credentials have been set.
```

The :guilabel:`Description Template` allows the administrator to use templates in listings. The

> default template only use the :guilabel:`eBay Description` field of the product. HTML can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default template only uses the :guilabel:`eBay Description` field of the product. HTML can be used
```

> inside the :guilabel:`Description Template` and in the :guilabel:`eBay Description` in Odoo 14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inside the :guilabel:`Description Template`, and in the :guilabel:`eBay Description` in Odoo 14.
```

Starting in Odoo 15, the powerbox feature is available to use in the template and description.
Simply type a forward slash `/` to reveal a menu with formatting, layout, and text options. To add
an image, type `/image`.

> To use images in the listing, an image needs to be added as *Attachments* on the product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use images in the listing, an image needs to be added as one of the *Attachments* on the product
```
